Haile Leon Channel is a deluxe trailer and included with the shift form
We will check the voice with various deluxe toys using shift form
First of all drive driver
incarnation
Ah ah ah ah
The voice of the dedicated language is cool
Type form 7 f mark shift up
Ah ah ah ah
Ha
full throttle
Bach
Ha
Yes I 'm firmly electric and further the standby voice has been changed to a dedicated one
Let's listen
Oh, it looks a bit like the old f 1 theme song
The next Oh I wish Blake
Trigger on advanced systems that you have never heard of before
This break
Trigger toefl Blake It is the individual no-speech
Well haha driver flame
Oh this is also a special voice
Restraint shift up
And this uniform
me
Yeah yeah yeah
Ah ah ah ah
Well then z heat 2
Replace white
hao
Ah ah ah
re
Return to home etc.
kei
Ah ah ah ah
And when you shift up
Oh pai
mother
Yes, there is a burst before restraint
full throttle
Hahaha
I confirmed the voice of Shift 4 mirror by saying yes
Is set to any deluxe gum dedicated to voice it is now also
Your drive driver's request to leave was f 1
It was voice confirmation review that it is shift form more than
People